Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Good evening!
Wow. what a crowd!
For those of you we haven't met yet.
my name is Ket
and these are the Crickets!
Ready for the summer fest of
Very special sonic treat?
Hearts are pounding. hips are swinging
To the same old beat
Drum and bass and fiddle's here
And. of course. yours truly
Every day we're here to party
Come and see the blisters burnin'
Pretty sure that there will be
No hunger or cold
However. what is life without the music?
As if they were larvae just yesterday!
They grew up way too fast!
Look at my son. the antcademic graduate!
Look at him!
Antoinette. are you ready?
Anteodor must be wondering
where the love of his life is.
Oh. that golden imbecile!
Have you seen my cap anywhere?
You're not ready?
What's the big deal. Tenna?
I'll tell you!
Today is the day
when we finally become antchitects!
The most important day in ant's life!
That's debatable...
Starting tomorrow. I'll be
the Supreme Supervisor's assistant.
What will he think
if I miss my graduation?
Tenna. relax.
If we end up being a little late.
I'll tell my dad it's all my fault.
My career is gonna end
before it even began.
There you are.
Are you done?
Let's go.
Dear future antchitects
and their proud parents!
The youth today!
Running where only walking's allowed.
On the behalf of Queen Antlisabeth
who is not with us at the moment.
and whom I'm temporarily replacing...
Poor thing. he still misses his mother.
I am especially proud of this generation
of antcademic antchitects
because. among other
truly brilliant graduates.
there's also my daughter Antoinette!
The ceremony already begun.
Only nerds show up on time.
We are ants. We are all nerds.
We can make it if we use a shortcut!
Tenna!
This is the beginning of my era!
Our era!
I plan to build everything
according to my own designs!
Supreme Supervisor
won't be too thrilled about that.
Who'll say "no" to the best student?
Perhaps his daughter would?
No doubt.
Antoinette will be delighted
by my excellence.
A bright and shiny future awaits us!
Antcademic antchitect Anteodor.
best in his class.
who has graduated
cum laude ante portas homini lupus.
Anteodor. I congratulate you.
Bravo. great job.
- That's my son!
- Okay. sure.
I'm a proud father!
A facade? A facade
is not supposed to be used for climbing!
Are you coming to get your diploma?
Oh dear. help me.
Look out!
You can do it.
Don't be afraid. it's really easy!
Should we go back and just be late?
Come on. I don't know
why we usually don't use this--
Tell my dad I'll be a bit late!
Hold on Tenna. You can do it.
In accordance with our tradition.
the best antchitect in his class
can start building as early as tomorrow.
This must be documented!
Come on. relief makers!
Thank you.
Excuse me! Thank you! Sorry!
- Here I am!
- Is everything okay?
Where is Antoinette?
She asked me to tell you
that she'll be a little bit late.
Oh. Mother Nature...
Mother? No. Mother!
Who are you?
- You seriously don't know who we are?
- Allow me.
My name is Ket and this is my band.
Here we have Rudi on the drums.
The violine virtuoso. Ernest.
On the bass. Contra.
- And yours truly. Ket.
- You already said that.
Guitarist. composer. singer
and songwriter. at your service.
Not sure about the "singer" part.
Why so negative in front of a lady?
I don't want to scare you.
but it seems that the lady is an...
- I'm Antoinette.
- She's a whatchamacallit...
- An ant.
- That!
Indeed. an ant.
We never see you at the festival.
Nowhere beyond law and order.
I have a question.
- This festival is called...
- Roachella!
Chichella. that's right.
Do you guys play music at this festival?
At the festival. we live music.
Yes. of course you do.
I'd say it's about time
you head back where you came from.
That's right.
Like they say.
"When an ant comes to a party..."
"The party comes to an end!"
This is great.
Who will bother me on my way back?
No one.
Awesome. I'm staying here.
Bye! Yes.
Hands up!
Thank you.
I did it!
Winter is coming!
When the stars begin to fall.
every cricket will be gone!
Ignore him. That's just Frosty.
He's obsessed with this so-called winter.
No idea what that's all about.
Hey!
Cockroach serves the best breakfast
all day long.
Breakfast all day long?
Living from one day to the next
and playing music till dawn.
That's Roachella. bug!
Ridiculous.
- Can you?
- What? Carry you home?
Thanks a bunch.
- Don't mention it.
- I won't.
You love to work out. huh?
And you must really love to fly!
So what exactly
do you guys do up at the anthill?
What do you mean? We live there.
- You live there?
- Yes.
- Isn't it dark inside?
- We have windows.
For light that you already have outside?
When the rain or stars fall.
you need the roof.
I've never seen rain hurt anyone before.
Usually it has the opposite effect.
So what exactly makes your houses better?
Houses? What houses? This is our home!
Look at this splendor.
Is your bed's too firm or too soft?
Try the next one!
Look at the ceiling.
It changes color and shape
from the morning till the evening.
If you're lucky enough.
you'll even find a nice bathtub.
And artwork is...
the best part.
It's nice enough.
What did you do?
What did I do? I just played music!
Hold on. That's music?
- Music can tear down walls.
- True.
It really does. What do you do for fun?
I'm not sure where to start.
The Antchademy was fun in a way. I guess...
Now that I've graduated--
Actually I haven't.
But I'll be working on my designs
and work is apparently fun.
We also have breakfast.
lunch and dinner in proper order.
Anyway. work is supposed to be fun for me.
I'm an ant. And ants live over there.
Oh. this is the anthill.
So...
- This is it.
- Yes.
Mission accomplished.
- Have fun this summer!
- You too! Enjoy...
- Work?
- Thank you.
- And order.
- Sure. and discipline.
Don't move!
We're detaining you
under Article 4. Paragraph 2!
- No way!
- Yes.
Knocking on anthill doors
was illegal even when Aesop was alive!
Do you have
any weapons of mass destruction?
- No.
- Here it is!
- It's just a ukulele!
- For mass destruction!
- Unnamed cricket...
- Ket.
You are accused of the act
of knocking on anthill doors
and an attempt to smuggle in a weapon.
You'll be in prison
until the last day of autumn.
Just as you knocked. so shall you play.
Not only did you miss your own graduation...
I was late.
The most important moment
in the ant's life.
That's debatable...
You endangered the entire anthill
because the cricket followed you.
So I wouldn't get lost!
In an attempt to enter the anthill
and destroy everything
with his ghastly music.
He could have kidnapped and dragged you
to that savage gathering they call...
- Chichella.
- A festival.
There. there.
Everything is okay now.
You need to grow up.
Important duties await you.
You will be the next Queen Ant.
That is your future.
Music!
This is an alert! Music in the anthill!
We repeat.
Alert! Music in the anthill.
This is not a drill.
We repeat.
Begin Protocol One.
Ket.
Why are you here?
Article 4. Paragraph 2.
Oh. that's right.
Don't worry. I know a way out.
Now that you're here. it's not that bad.
Come on.
You guys believe music
can tear down walls?
You agreed!
I meant it figuratively!
Like. "The heart as big as a house."
Of course it's not. It's nonsense!
Stay low and follow me!
Ket!
What are you doing?
Oops!
Stop!
Hurry up!
Hey. we told you to stop!
Go left and follow the path to the pillar.
- You'll see the door.
- And you?
Go!
While you still can.
Have you seen the offender?
Thank you!
Oh. it's only you!
Yes. I couldn't sleep.
Me neither. my dear. me neither.
Don't be scared.
That vicious cricket won't be back.
and when the stars
fall from the sky. he'll be dead.
Dead?
Yeah. crickets aren't builders. you know.
Therefore. no cricket
is able to survive the winter.
Beautiful. peaceful winter.
without any news
or excitement of any kind.
Right.
Tenna!
I've finished the designs!
Tenna. it's me!
What are you doing here?
- This is serious.
- Right.
You've got to promise me
you won't say a word to anyone.
Especially not my dad.
Spit it out.
Night is for sleeping. not babbling.
- I'm off to Chichella.
- Where?
I have to save the crickets.
You have to save them?
They won't survive the winter
unless they find a shelter.
- And their houses?
- They don't believe in them!
Oh. Mother Nature!
I'll just tell them that
and I'll be back before lunch.
- Or dinner. at the latest.
- They'll be serving sugar powder.
- Not a word to anyone.
- Right.
Especially not your dad.
I got it. Good night.
- Ket! You're all here! Great.
- You!
Everything okay?
Will you take him back to prison?
- I didn't put him--
- Leave her alone.
- She saved me.
- And put you behind bars.
They sounded great.
Who else is coming? The guards?
Or perhaps the whole army of ants?
No one. Except for the winter.
So. winter is coming?
You've got to be kidding me!
Dangerous stars fall during the winter.
Made of ice. full of spikes!
They'll destroy everything.
Your stage. instruments.
And you in the end.
They're gigantic and dangerous!
Stars are falling!
- Mock me all you like.
- That's nonsense I expect from--
- Winter is coming!
- Frosty.
You two know each other?
Gentlemen. it was nice knowing you.
Hey. Everything's fine.
You've been fooled. winter isn't real.
It's an urban myth.
And for you. milady?
You're an ant?
What brings you here?
Love for the winter. it seems.
Winter?
Winter isn't real!
If it were. we'd be making plans
for a winter tour right now!
Winter. you say?
Yes. winter.
One with sharp. icy splinters?
Trust me. no matter how wicked
These are the tales for baby crickets
Ain't no winter
Ain't no worries
Yes there are.
Shoulda. woulda. coulda
- Who wants to fret about that?
- I do.
Ain't no winter
Ain't no worries
- Shoulda. woulda. coulda
- Listen to me.
No need to think about it
Krampus or bugeyman
We all know it's just a sham
Let the ants complain and yammer
Live your life in an easy manner
By the way.
you've got a new gig tomorrow at dusk.
- Tomorrow? Really?
- Cool!
That's super bugsome!
I told them nicely.
Start now and the roof
will be finished by the autumn.
But you'd rather play all summer long
just to avoid doing any actual work!
Playing music never helped anybody.
Excuse me.
One of the most common errors
one can make in life
is to ask questions
they already know the answers to.
No. don't ever do that again.
And you are?
My name is Bettie.
Local psychic
and your friendly festival guide
to self-realization.
If you feel the urge
to take a deeper look into the future.
fortune-telling is one
of the many lovely gifts
that was generously bestowed upon me
by the spirit of the Humble Snail.
This is not that snail.
This is George.
Come in.
Yes.
I'm listening.
Alright.
You're wondering
why your truths have no resonance at all.
Why is it that no one ever
listens to your words?
And why does it seem
that you are constantly surrounded
by stubborn and biased souls
who keep clinging
to the same old foolish beliefs?
Maybe a bit.
Let me check.
Oh. that's brilliant! Sure. Bye.
Okay. and?
And what?
- What is my future?
- Oh. Nettie.
The future is what you make of it.
What did you want to tell me?
If they don't listen to your words.
maybe they will listen to your song.
Ridiculous. Ants don't know how to sing.
Only an ant would say something like that.
But I am an ant.
The magical raspberry.
Raspberry Hat!
For many winters it's been bestowing
its owners with a beautiful voice.
but only if they wear it with pride.
You have finally found
the purpose of your arrival!
Your intentions are truly noble.
and your voice
has the power
to change both worlds for the better.
Okay.
The construction of the stairs
is too weak.
I got straight A's in Junctions Two.
There is a visible crack.
You've forgotten your glasses!
Take a better look.
Workers!
Is my father paying you to build cracks?
This is a modern design. Work faster!
Isn't it just marvelous?
My son Anteodor is a true visionary.
Antheodor. daddy.
You can't even imagine how proud I am.
Supreme Supervisor. I don't want to panic.
but everything around here
is kind of upside-down.
I forgot to tell you something.
I have decided
to flip the design upside-down
and build the upside-down mansion.
Anteodor. you should have submitted
that new design for approval.
Yes. but this is faster.
Everything is upside-down.
By the way.
have you seen Antoinette lately?
Who? Antoinette? No.
Strange. nobody has.
I'll order the antgents
to search for her again.
It's 10:52 a.m.
First suspect is heading north.
Roger that.
It's 10:53 a.m. We are also heading north.
It's 10:57 a.m. We lost the suspect.
Hands up!
You are suspected of kidnapping--
They need a bit of color!
They're so cute.
And glitter.
I adore glitter!
Yes!
A pair of suspicious ants
isn't an invasion.
Like I said before.
that girl is nothing but trouble.
You're overreacting.
Ket. we all know that you like her.
She's interesting-ish.
Was the prison also interesting-ish?
I propose a vote.
Who wants to kick out Antoinette?
I'm sorry. buddy.
Look. you're taking her back
where she belongs.
Yeah. Everyone there is just like her.
They believe in "winter"
and eat breakfast in the morning.
They can't sing. they talk like nerds
and they are dull.
- They like to work a lot...
- I can do it.
It's true that you can sing too
No matter what anyone tells you
No matter the mood
Think of the tune
May be easy to croon to
Happy or blue
Open yourself to the world
Sing your heart out
Loud and with no doubt
It's never too soon
You're hired!
It's true that you can sing too
It's true that I can sing too
And so can you
We can sing all together
Solo or in a group or just a capella
If you're a girl
Or if you're a fellow
It's true that I can sing too
And so can you
We can sing all together
Any day of the week
Any month of the season
It doesn't matter if you sing out of tune
Or like prima donna
Even in sauna
Some people will laugh
Some will adore ya
It's true that I can sing too
And so can you
We can sing all together
Just let yourself get carried away
Fly off to dreamland
With your own dream band
It doesn't matter if you sing out of tune
Or like prima donna
Even in sauna
Some people will laugh
Some will adore you
There you are!
What a brilliant performance.
Your voice is just the thing
that was missing all along.
Here's your salary.
Thank you.
You know. you may want to chill
with all that "winter" talk.
What is there to sing about?
Everything's white and frozen.
Nothing ever happens.
Wait a minute.
You don't believe in it.
but you can describe it?
You talk about it so much
we all know what it looks like.
Here I come!
Five times you've returned empty-handed.
This time we really thought we had her.
But we mistook her for a tall cricket.
She is very clever.
I know.
I'm still degrading you
to the position of entrance guards.
I have great news for you. sir!
Antoinette is finally back?
Even better. I need permission
to build three more floors.
Three more? I haven't approved
the first five yet!
Can this merely be
your fear of my modernity?
Anteodor...
Hurry up. I've already ordered the mud.
Anteodor. hold on for a moment!
I see!
The antgents haven't found Antoinette
and that's why you're mad.
I'm angry
because you build recklessly and--
Calm down.
You must be terribly worried
about you little Antoinette.
I'm going crazy.
I'm worried too.
In fact. I am so worried
that I'll find her myself.
I'll bring Antoinette home
and you'll issue the permit.
Let's see if you can find her first.
Perfect.
Move.
The same.
Here you go.
- They're into conceptual art?
- Totally!
I'm skeptical.
All of their new songs are about winter.
They question the paradigm
of urban legends and seasons.
I'm still skeptical.
They sound better than ever
since they got a new singer!
She looks like an ant to me.
Maybe a bit from a distance.
but when you hear her voice...
- That's true. Ants can't sing.
- Exactly!
I'm sorry to intrude.
but hearing all the praises.
I am dying to see that band!
That's what I call enthusiasm.
When is their next gig?
They live in the moment. buddy.
It was phenomenal.
Everything was perfect.
What a strong grip.
That was awesome.
Well done! Toni. you rocked!
- I was thinking...
- Me too.
- You too?
- When you play...
I could sing...
Not that.
I wanted to ask...
If you're not busy tonight...
Would you go out with me?
Excuse me?
- What?
Go out with me.
I think I'd like that.
- Yes?
- Yes.
I'll pick you up in an hour or so.
Okay. I'll be late.
Oh. it's you! What are you doing here?
This place is starting to affect you.
You really think so? Thank you so much!
Are you staying for the concert?
The only reason I came
to this horrid place is to take you home.
This is my path.
- I'm staying.
- Do you know what others are saying?
That you're singing.
They know?
Do they like it or hate it?
Did they offer us a record deal?
What about my hat?
You are so funny.
I'm not joking. I can really sing.
Ants can't sing.
They can. if they wear
the Magical Raspberry Hat!
That is not here.
You're such an ant. Relax
and live a little. you're at Roachella!
I've got to go. I have a date. With music!
See you later then! Have fun!
Girls. I need your help.
This one?
No.
- It's perfect.
- No.
This one?
Oh. yes!
Great!
This freedom is nice. isn't it? Look.
The anthill has rules.
That might sound a little bit boring.
It sounds very boring.
But breaking the rules
can be a lot of fun.
- More fun than music?
- Nothing is.
I was afraid this walk
might end at the anthill.
At your service.
Thank you.
Right.
You know. I miss the anthill.
but I can't imagine my life
without music and crickets.
Especially you. Ket.
They're such naive fools.
Only cricket can be this careless.
Despicable.
I never thought
I'd fall for someone like you.
Cricket girls are fun and cool.
but in a different way.
- Oh. really?
- But there's no one like you.
I wish this could last forever.
Why not? The future is a state of mind.
The future is a matter of seasons
and those are the facts!
Spring. summer. autumn and winter.
No. Spring. summer. autumn.
I'm glad you stick to your theories.
however ridiculous they are.
Yeah. We're that kind of a couple.
I love this experimental sound.
Oh. there you are.
You vicious destroyer
of ant moral and decency.
See ya.
We've been living like that forever.
Free and unshackled.
Someday we could make
our very own festival
and all the bugs would be welcome.
And tomorrow we could make a picnic
and I'll bring the ukulele.
My condolences.
That was malicious.
What a useless
and utterly malicious crime.
Who would do something like this
to harmless instruments?
Is everything okay?
I need to tell you something horrible.
I lost my Raspberry Hat.
Don't get mad...
- We have bigger problems than your hat.
- Yes.
And no one will miss
that thing that was on your head.
You're being awfully rude to me!
Don't stress about it. We'll fix
the instruments and find a new hat.
No. I want my hat!
But why that hat?
Because it was mag--
magnificently special.
Well. hats off to your special hat.
but we can't play without instruments.
And I'm sure you'll be able
to sing without that hat.
That's women for you.
Can't live with them
and can't live with them.
I think too many floors
will be the least of our worries.
- Yes.
- This doesn't look stable.
Call me old-fashioned. but
I see no point in building upside-down.
I know.
Sir!
- Hello. Antenna.
- Hello. Anteodor.
- It's extraordinary. isn't it?
- It's certainly out of the ordinary.
How many floors have you already built?
The exact number you'll approve.
Due to eastern winds. I shouldn't approve
more than two floors.
- By the way. she sends her greetings.
- Who?
- Antoinette.
- Antoinette? Is she here?
She will be very soon.
- Do I reject the permit?
- Oh. my dear Antoinette!
I'm gonna ask the cooks to prepare
her favorite dish.
Toni and the Crickets!
Hey!
Ready?
- I'm not sure if I can do this.
- Come on!
- You can't live without singing.
- Maybe I'll have to.
Toni and the Crickets!
Go. Toni! I love you!
Let's go. Toni!
Here. take this.
Hey...
Young lady!
They were right.
When an ant comes to a party.
the party is over.
There's no place for me in his life.
Stop! No.
Why would you say something like that?
"I can't sing."
The Raspberry Hat. It's gone.
I'm sorry.
You should consult
the fantastic and mystical ball
before making any irrational.
large-scale. life-changing decisions.
Watch your step!
This is criminal!
- Well...
- Disgraceful!
Mom. is that the girl who ran away?
Anthal! It's rude to stare. Let's go.
I think it's her.
Antoinette.
Okay. this is the moment.
I am golden. I am present.
I deserve the reality I reach for.
I'm entering myself.
Antoinette!
- I brought you home! Hey. everyone!
- Hey!
I've brought Antoinette back home!
How did you bring me back?
Thanks to me. Antoinette is safe.
The story goes. "As Antoinette
lovingly looked at her one and only savior
named Antheodor the Ant.
a genius antchitect..."
That's me!
He tenderly whispered. "My sweet darling.
spring should bear thy name!"
That's not how it went...
Poor thing. She's still in shock!
That's my son. The hero.
This must be documented!
Relief makers. come!
- My hair.
- A bit to the left. Thank you.
Smile!
The song dies down
Just like the rain
And some are leaving
Lovely shades of autumn
Lose their shine
All the happy days
Are left far behind
Look. the stars are falling
Summer's gone
Only the memories keep us warm
Just one more hug
Are all the happy days
Behind us?
I really hate this cursed weather.
It has seriously damaged
my precious Strantivarius violin.
Why are you complaining?
- How's it going. fellows?
- What's up. Roach?
Here are your earning for tonight.
Gosh...
Come. drinks are on the house.
There's nectar for everyone
at the Roach's.
Top-notch!
Ket. my friend. you need to move on.
Ants.
They make everybody miserable.
Even when they birds like the sing.
Sing like birds!
I guess you're right.
What are you plans
for the winter holidays?
I've found myself a lovely pantry.
It's stocked with food. warm and cozy.
Perfect shelter for anyone
who wants to survive a long cold wint--
Antoinette was right! Winter does exist!
- I've never been frozen.
- You will be now.
Young lady. would you be so kind?
"Get that fiddler off the roof.
A new take on the myth that
restores faith in the value of silence."
The frugal ant worked all summer long.
Cricket wrote his music
and played his songs.
But come winter season.
having nothing left to eat.
the cricket had to throw himself
before the ant's feet!
The gentle ant found it very easy
to decline the lazy bugger's guile.
With a smile he said.
"As you sang and played.
you worthless scum.
now dance your days away
until you're done!"
The ant. of course. did nothing wrong.
but still the cricket
played a vengeful song.
Echoing the walls the ants had built.
and tore them down without shame or guilt.
He plundered their food
and all their other stuff.
But. once the villain
ran away to his friends.
the diligent ants
built everything once again.
They learned a valuable lesson
once and for all.
Music is a bad thing
that only breaks the walls!
Yes!
Ever since. ants honor
a sacred law set in stone.
Never ever let a cricket
come into your home!
And then the ground
below the little feet shall turn into--
But when will the winter arrive? When?
I'll ask.
Yes. I see.
The winter will arrive when--
I knew it. winter is coming!
Tell me. is it true?
She was right.
Spring. summer. autumn. winter!
She will not want to see me anymore.
Ket. young man. Musician.
The departure of the noble Antoinette
was seasoned with tears
like curry with hot peppers.
She run back home believing
that she had forever lost your heart.
I need to find her.
You truly believe
in the existence of winter?
- I believe Antoinette.
- How about you?
I don't know what to believe in.
but I do believe in winter.
I finally understand
this weird feeling in my exoskeleton.
Yes.
My little Nettie has finally succeeded!
She has managed to convince
more than one cricket
that winter does exist.
- You're...
- An ant?
Judging by your immense height.
dare I assume that you are in fact
Queen Ant?
You've been here all summer
and you didn't try to stop the music?
I didn't come here to stop the music.
I came to end the superstitious beliefs.
Winter is coming!
Yeah. okay. we all know now.
Stop talking!
It's high time we end another superstition
at the place where it originated!
Careful!
One. two. three...
Let's head to the anthill! My anthill!
We're the crickets and we're green
Doing our best to carry the Queen
Even though she isn't heavy
She's not lean so keep it steady
One. two. three...
I never thought I'd say this.
but I really miss Antoinette.
Let's go!
All of this
took only two and a half months!
Impressive. Can we go now?
Your father asked me
to give you a tour of my masterpiece.
I'm pretty sure all of this was your idea.
Don't be silly. I'm a humble ant.
But admit it. it's marvelous.
- Just like you.
- You want see the interior.
- I should go. Dad...
- It will only take a minute.
Okay.
Such splendor. I'm getting goosebumps.
Oh. Mother Nature!
My love.
- What are you doing?
- For you.
No.
Thank you. but no!
You!
You destroyed my singing career!
And sabotaged all of us!
Singing career?
What exactly did I sabotage?
A band that dies with the first star?
I'd stick to the real world. "bug."
Move!
Let me go!
You can't leave me.
I built this house for us!
I can't leave you
because we were never together!
That's only true in your head. my darling!
What the scarab
is wrong with you. blondie?
I'm golden!
Enjoy our brand new house. darling.
My dear crickets. we know
that each procession is as fast
as its slowest participant.
Maybe we should take a break.
No. I've got to find Antoinette!
This is awkward!
Golden ant...
What on earth is that hideous pile?
Ket?
Antoinette?
What are you doing here?
- You were right. I'm a fool--
- Ket!
I appreciate it. but can you get me out?
Of course!
- I've really missed you.
- I know.
Winter's coming!
Nettie!
- Hey. Antoinette!
- You guys are so cute it makes me sick.
Stop!
If my calculations are right.
we've got exactly ten seconds before--
Centrifuge!
Not so fast!
- I need to tell you something...
- I have to admit...
- You left...
- I ruined your performance!
- I don't care about...
- Music is your top priority!
I care about you!
- I wasn't myself!
- I missed you.
- Your face. your voice.
- I'm sorry.
You need to know.
It's now or never.
Regardless of my career and your singing...
I love you.
I know.
I can't really sing.
It was all thanks to my Raspberry Hat.
Nettie. that's not true.
That was your voice all along.
Come along now. lovebirds.
No!
It's still fresh and delicious.
I always knew it was your voice.
- Really?
- Yes.
I knew this would happen.
When you have a builder megalomaniac--
My Nettie!
Mom?
Anthony!
Mom!
Don't tell me
you haven't noticed the resemblance?
You did it.
I'm so proud of you. my little Nettie.
Daddy!
- The crickets destroyed my masterpiece!
- Come.
Come with me. son.
Crickets on ice!
Silence!
- Is that...
- Impossible. Is that Queen Ant?
Should we bow? Recite the national anthem?
What are we supposed to do? What?
My dear fellow ants!
We have always been marvelous builders.
but we forgot something very important.
The walls are not here
to separate us from the world!
They are here
to protect us from bad weather
and to unite us all!
Therefore. I'm proud
to pronounce this all-inclusive music hall
open!
- Music hall? What does that mean?
- She went bonkers.
I present my pride and joy.
the heiress to my throne.
and first singing ant. Antoinette!
Antoinette!
Mom. are those crickets?
Anthal. stop pointing!
The Crickets are invading!
First protocol!
This is the end. Second protocol!
Everything is okay!
Nothing will fall apart!
If they don't listen to your words.
maybe they'll listen to your song.
Dreaming free all summer long
Here and there. a simple song
- Drumming and some yelling too
- We can sing!
- Busking. wasting time
- She can.
Like a good old fashioned slackers
- Spending all that lovely weather
- Beautiful!
On a tune or two
- Makes me wanna jump.
- Not thinking about hunger or cold
What is life without the music?
- You should tell me more
- Oh. Nature! Oh. Rhythm!
You should tell me more
What is life without the music?
Anteodor. wait! Wait for daddy!
You should tell me more
And the song will come along...
They sound like Toni and the Crickets.
But would they play at the anthill?
I can't believe it either.
But one thing I know...
Where there's music. there is also fun!
You should tell me more
And the song will come along
Like a cherry on the top
You should tell me more
What is life without the music...
My masterpiece is being violated
by this horrible music and dancing!
They don't deserve me.
Should we go back inside?
The stars will start to fall.
- Anteodor--
- Antheodor!
My name is Antheodor!
I know exactly what I'm doing!
Dad. stop this star! Now! Dad!
Just come home for dinner!
It's true that I can sing too
And so can you
We can sing all together
Solo or in a group or just a capella
If you're a girl
Or if you're a fellow
Cheers!
It's true that I can sing too
And so can you
We can sing all together
Any day of the week
Any month of the season
First winter without boredom!
Hip dance!
It's true that I can sing too
And so can you
We can sing all together
Just let yourself get carried away
Fly off to dreamland
With your own dream band
It doesn't matter if you sing out of tune
Or like prima donna
Some people will laugh
Some will adore you
Daddy!
Winter has arrived.